README.md, before:

# our-conference-notes
A place for sharing collective conference notes.

[2018 ALAAC notes](/2018-ALAAC-american-library-association-annual-conference)  
[2019 ACRL notes](/2019-ACRL-association-of-college-and-research-libraries)  
[2019 single events notes](/2019-single-events)  

## What Is This?  

Typing notes during conference sessions helps me stay focused. So I figured, "why not share them once I'm done?  

Then I thought: "What if we took notes together online?"  

__Then__ I thought: "What if these notes went somewhere less ephemeral and they were as accessible as possible?"  

## Organization  

I've organized the notes in folders by event and cleaned up the initial notes into a markdown file, which GitHub renders as html.  

At the moment, some folders contain both the initial html export from the RiseUp Pad and the markdown version, while others just have the markdown version. I'm trying to determine if it's better to keep both or just the cleaned version. I'd appreciate feedback on that if you have any insights on it.  

## Feedback  

Please let me know if:  
- you have feedback on making these more #a11y accessible  
- want to contribute notes of your own  
- want me to link to notes you have elsewhere  
- want me to change or remove notes from one of your presentations  
- have other feedback    

## Process  

So far the best platform I've found (with substantial help from others) is [RiseUp's Etherpad service](https://pad.riseup.net). It lets you use an [Etherpad](https://etherpad.org) without a log-in. Then you can just share the link to your etherpad on whatever social media platform that conference uses.  

These RiseUp etherpads also mobile responsive and use tab indexing to make the contents accessible for users who use keyboard navigation instead of other interfaces.  

## Credits  

The website version of this project uses:  

- The [Beautiful Jekyll theme](https://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) made by [Dean Attali](http://attalitech.com), with some minor revisions by Ryan.  
- The [Owl by Creative Stall from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/owl/749589/) as the avatar image at the top of most pages.

Commit message:

Update readme, aboutme, custom.css for anchor mobile media query

README.md, after:

# our-conference-notes

A place for sharing [collective conference notes](http://ryanpatrickrandall.com/our-conference-notes/).  

## What Is This?  

Typing notes during conference sessions helps me stay focused. So I figured, "why not share them once I'm done?  

Then I thought: "What if we took notes together online?"  

__Then__ I thought: "What if these notes went somewhere less ephemeral and they were as accessible as possible?"  

## Organization  

I've organized the notes in folders by event and cleaned up the initial notes into a markdown file, which GitHub renders as html.  

At the moment, some folders contain both the initial html export from the RiseUp Pad and the markdown version, while others just have the markdown version. I'm trying to determine if it's better to keep both or just the cleaned version. I'd appreciate feedback on that if you have any insights on it.  

## Feedback  

Please let me know if:  
- you have feedback on making these more #a11y accessible  
- want to contribute notes of your own  
- want me to link to notes you have elsewhere  
- want me to change or remove notes from one of your presentations  
- have other feedback    

## Process  

So far the best platform I've found (with substantial help from others) is [RiseUp's Etherpad service](https://pad.riseup.net). It lets you use an [Etherpad](https://etherpad.org) without a log-in. Then you can just share the link to your etherpad on whatever social media platform that conference uses.  

These RiseUp etherpads also mobile responsive and use tab indexing to make the contents accessible for users who use keyboard navigation instead of other interfaces.  

## Credits  

This project's website uses:  

- The [Beautiful Jekyll theme](https://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) made by [Dean Attali](http://attalitech.com), with some minor revisions by Ryan.  
- The [Owl by Creative Stall from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/term/owl/749589/) as the avatar image at the top of most pages.  
- The [jekyll-anchor-headings](https://github.com/allejo/jekyll-anchor-headings) liquid plug-in made by [Vladimir Jimenez](https://github.com/allejo).
